feat(gradle-lite): JS-based Gradle manager (#7521)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/manager/gradle-lite/readme.md

> This is an alternate manager for Gradle, written completely in JS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an alternate manager for Gradle, written completely in JavaScript.
```

If this is about JavaScript, I think it's clearer to expand JS -> JavaScript. That way it's clear straightaway what language it uses.

> This is an alternate manager for Gradle, written completely in JavaScript.

Reviewer 2: We should add some more description, so users are welcome to disable default `gradle` and test this new manager, as we plan to replace to old in future.

Author: My additions are not ideal, but at least someone can correct me instead of writing from scratch.

Reviewer 2: Maybe @HonkingGoose  has some time to review this 🙃

> This is an alternate manager for Gradle, written completely in JavaScript.
> 
> It performs much faster as it doesn't execute Gradle command.
> 
> You can enable both `gradle` and `gradle-lite` if you wish.
> 
> If commits produced by `gradle-lite` look good to you, you are welcome to switch completely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gradle-lite` is an an alternate manager for Gradle, and is written in JavaScript.
The main benefit of `gradle-lite` is that it skips the slow Gradle commands.

You can use the default `gradle` manager and `gradle-lite` at the same time.

If you like the commits from `gradle-lite`, you can use `gradle-lite` as a complete replacement for the default manager.
```

How about something like this?
I don't know anything about the code, so correct anything that I'm getting wrong.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good, gradle is also a memory killer causing code spaces to OOM 🙃
